[@xstate/fsm] Allow to rehydrate interpreted state machine (#1267)
davidkpiano/xstate: .changeset/light-news-add.md

---
'@xstate/fsm': minor
---

> The service can rehydrate the state on start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now rehydrate the state of a service by calling `start` with `initialState` argument.
```

> You can now rehydrate the state of a service by calling `start` with `initialState` argument.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can now rehydrate the state of a service by calling `start` with `initialState` argument:

```js
interpret(someMachine).start('active');

interpret(anotherMachine).start({
  value: 'active',
  context: { count: 42 }
});
```
